Voter: Hello? Is someone at my door?

Canvasser: Hi. This is Randy.

Canvasser: I'm speaking on behalf of a with a type two dialogue today.

Canvasser: Do you have a moment to talk?

Voter: Yeah

Voter: What's this about anyway?

Voter: Some type two dialogue?

Canvasser: Oh

Canvasser: I've noticed you've

Voter: Oh

Voter: She's six. My wife and I watch her sometimes when my daughter needs to work.

Canvasser: Is that is that your daughter's

Voter: She loves riding around the driveway.

Voter: What kind of organization are you with exactly?

Voter: She's a single mom trying to juggle everything.

Voter: The little one comes over to ride her bike around our cul-de-sac.

Voter: Safer here than at their apartment complex.

Canvasser: Well

Voter: Connecting with people about what exactly?

Canvasser: especially those with

Canvasser: So in in short

Voter: Oh

Voter: Nice to meet you

Voter: Yeah

Voter: Don't have diabetes myself.

Voter: I hear people complain about drug prices but seems like everything is expensive these days.

Voter: More government programs just means more of my tax dollars going to waste

Canvasser: Yeah. I totally understand how you feel about that. That that makes a lot of sense. Everyone's you know

Voter: I'm sorry to hear about your uncle.

Voter: That can't be easy. Yeah

Voter: I guess I just get frustrated when I see my paycheck getting smaller and bills getting bigger.

Voter: Do you mind if I ask - how much does insulin actually cost these days?

Voter: I honestly have no idea.

Canvasser: Well

Voter: A hundred twenty dollars a day?

Voter: That can't be right. Per month maybe?

Canvasser: Well

Canvasser: For depending on

Voter: That sounds like highway robbery to me.

Voter: Over three thousand dollars a month just to stay alive?

Voter: That's just not right.

Voter: Do you know if your daughter or granddaughter have any health issues like that?

Voter: I hope not with those kinds of prices.

Canvasser: Yeah. It's we we we definitely hope not

Canvasser: And imagine you can

Voter: Yeah

Voter: My wife and I are lucky we've been pretty healthy so far.

Voter: Our daughter struggled with some medical bills when she first had our granddaughter though.

Voter: Almost couldn't pay rent a few times because of hospital bills.

Voter: It was tough seeing her go through that.

Voter: We helped when we could

Canvasser: Right. And so this is kind of why I'm here. At the end of the day

Voter: I see what you're trying to do.

Voter: I hadn't really thought about it from that angle before.

Canvasser: Have them have them vote for

Voter: I'm not usually one for calling politicians.

Voter: They rarely listen to regular folks like us anyway.

Voter: But when you mention your uncle and those prices

Voter: What exactly would this bill do?

Voter: Just put a limit on what they can charge?

Canvasser: Well

Voter: Well

Voter: Not sure why they can charge that much in the first place.

Voter: When my daughter was dealing with those bills

Voter: She'd cry on the phone with the hospital billing department.

Voter: I'm not promising anything

Voter: What do I need to say exactly?

Voter: And who am I supposed to call?

Canvasser: Well