Voter: Hello? Is someone at my door?

Canvasser: Hello.

Voter: Hi there. What can I do for you today?

Canvasser: My name's Olive. I'm volunteering with

Canvasser: People's Institute and if you have a couple minutes

Voter: Well

Voter: I'm Frank. What's this People's Institute about?

Voter: I haven't heard of it before.

Canvasser: I'm getting stressed out because I don't know anything about the issue

Canvasser: Do you know what insulin is?

Voter: Yes

Voter: It's medication that diabetics need.

Voter: Are you okay there? You seem a bit

Voter: Take a breath. So you're here about insulin costs?

Canvasser: This is really hard. Just It's gonna it'll be very cooperative no matter what you say. Don't worry too hard.

Canvasser: Which one? Yes. I don't take insulin personally

Canvasser: Do you have any medicines that you take?

Canvasser: Right.

Voter: I take a few medications

Voter: Blood pressure pills mostly.

Voter: My insurance covers them pretty well

Canvasser: Yeah. That's what I was thinking.

Voter: Well

Voter: I pay about fifteen dollars for a month's supply.

Voter: Been taking them for about five years now.

Voter: My doctor says I'll probably be on them for life.

Canvasser: Oh

Canvasser: Lost my insurance. Because I was under my mom's

Voter: Yeah

Voter: Her insurance is different than mine through her work

Voter: She pays about seventy dollars a month for it

Voter: It's been tough sometimes.

Voter: My daughter's family had a real scare last year too.

Voter: My granddaughter - she's six - needed an emergency inhaler for her asthma

Voter: That was really hard on them.

Canvasser: Wow. I'm so sorry to hear that. That sounds really hard.

Voter: Yeah

Voter: She actually had to borrow some money from us that month to cover it.

Canvasser: How'd that make you feel?

Voter: They're working hard

Voter: Well

Canvasser: I get that. I felt the exact same way. And changing my insurance To try to get somewhere covered has been such a headache recently.

Canvasser: Makes me feel helps us too.

Voter: Yeah

Voter: I'm lucky that mine through work is decent

Voter: Each time it's this whole process of figuring out what's covered

Voter: I don't understand why it has to be so difficult.

Canvasser: Me neither. And it's not the same way in other countries.

Canvasser: It feels like something that we should be able to figure out if we're supposedly such a great nation.

Voter: You know

Voter: My cousin moved to Canada about ten years ago

Voter: He just goes to the doctor when he needs to.

Voter: Maybe we're not as advanced as we think we are when it comes to taking care of people.

Voter: What are you folks at the People's Institute trying to do about this anyway?

Canvasser: Yep.

Canvasser: Well

Canvasser: It's one of those really tough ones that people need

Canvasser: Similar to your wife's arthritis medication.

Voter: That makes sense. Insulin especially seems like something that should be affordable since people literally can't live without it.

Voter: I've heard stories about people rationing it because they can't afford it

Voter: My neighbor's son is diabetic

Canvasser: That's terrible. Well

Canvasser: calling your representative and asking them to agree to lower the cost of insulin would be a great way to help your neighbor out and your family.

Canvasser: That's why I'm out here today and I think it's

Voter: You know what

Voter: I hadn't really thought about it before

Canvasser: Worthwhile.

Canvasser: Right.

Voter: My granddaughter comes over every weekend to ride her bike around our neighborhood - I'd hate to think of any kid not being able to do that because their family can't afford their medication.

Voter: You know what

Voter: After seeing what my daughter went through with my granddaughter's inhaler

Voter: Do you have the number I should call or information about what specifically to say when I call?

Canvasser: Amazing. The number is five five five four five six seven. And when you get them on the phone